An Invitation to have a table at the Women in Information Technology (WIT) Open House


Dear [potential organizer or organization’s name], 

As as recognized organizer of your group, Py-CU, a python users group in Champaign-Urbana, would like to extend a formal invitation through you to your organization to have a table at our first and experimental Women in Information Technology (WIT) Open House event on March 8 from 1:00pm to 4:00pm in the basement of the Independent Media Center at Makerspace Urbana. This informal event  is targeted at women in the professional STEM community as well as women who would like to explore this world for the first time in a supportive environment. It will consist of a schedule of mini talks and a panel while representatives of CU tech groups and specific topic discussion tables meet with attendees in-between those scheduled events.

You are being asked because of your presence in the general CU tech community and the opportunities  and information you could provide our attendees. Tables will be placed in a room right next to Makerspace Urbana and will have the opportunity to promote themselves and network with potential future members. You may bring signs, promotional materials or just yourselves. We will provide the tables, chairs and work with you personally on anything else you may need such as electric outlets. Our first priority for this event is to promote the presence of women throughout the entire CU tech community. Though scheduled events such as talks and a panel will take place, participants will be encouraged to go between rooms at any time during the open house. This is meant to be an organized but casual event.
 
We hope you would be able to accept this invitation. However, if you are unable to accept this year, we presently plan to have more WIT events in the near future. We also hope, of course, that you share this event with your immediate community. Should you accept, please respond to this email in the affirmative to ejsurbeck@gmail.com.

Thank you, 

Liz Surbeck
Co-founder and Co-organizer of Py-CU
